Tags: #lore/plot

The Lunar princess Ariadne, of the elven lands was kidnapped a hundred years ago by the loyalists of the long dead golden emperor. The Lunar princess carries the power that is a reflection of the one that the golden emperor held. The loyalists want to use her to resurrect their long dead emperor, so he may rule again over these lands. The loyalists gave her to Auberon, master of the onyx tower and a loyalist magus. For decades he would study the power Ariadne held and found, that it was incomplete. It was just a part of a greater whole. The completion and thus the creation of his magnum opus would require an artefact of similar nature. 

After decades of searching the loyalists found the artefact and its power was the key to start Ariadnes transmutation, but it would also unleash a terrible curse upon the land. Years would pass and Auberon would grow to see Ariadne less as an object of study and more like a daughter. In time he grew less passionate of his work and more regretful, seeing the young girl spending years in isolation inside the tower. 

Ariadne a dreamer spirit always held a special place in her heart for characters and stories, she was red as a little girl. Even in isolation she would escape into her stories and dreams only able to pass the time by reading. Taking pity on her Auberon would create powerful illusions in the forest of places and characters from her stories to keep her company, but her growing curse would slowly start to take an effect on Auberons mirages. The further her curse developed, the more real the illusions of the forest became, but her psyche would erode more and more and many of the new realities would reflect her mental state.   

Ariadne gentle spirited was partially broken by years living in isolation and the activation of the curse split her into two separate entities. One that takes on the appearance of a young girl with silver hair, wandering the forest and the other that is the embodiment of her corruption and hate, a towering beast of black scales and claws, with a roar sounding like a thunder storm and wings able to cause a hurricane. 
She reshaped reality into her endless dream and nightmare.

To contain her curse, Auberon would make the difficult decision to seal the darker half of his foster daughter into the tower. He then assumed the form of the Grey man to travel the forest as its guardian and contain his daughters corruption. Years passed and the seal grew weaker, allowing the little girl to escape back into the forest and while her darker half still sleeps below the towers, she roams free again making reality bow before her dream.  